Update inbound request pipeline (#2261)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Reference/Routing/Request-Pipeline/inbound-pipeline.md

---
versionFrom: 8.0.0
---

# Inbound request pipeline

The inbound process is triggered by the Umbraco (http) Module.  The **[published content request preparation](published-content-request-preparation.md)** process kicks in and creates a `PublishedRequest`.

> The `PublishedRequest` object represents the request which Umbraco must handle.  It contains everything that will be needed to render it.  All this happens when the Umbraco modules thinks it's a document to render.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PublishedRequest` object represents the request which Umbraco must handle.  It contains everything that will be needed to render it.  All this occurs when the Umbraco modules consider that an incoming request maps to a document that can be rendered.
```

```csharp
public bool HasDomain { get; }
public DomainAndUri Domain { get; }
public CultureInfo Culture { get; }
```

> Domain is a DomainAndUri object ie a standard Domain plus the fully qualified uri. For example, the Domain may contain "example.com" whereas the Uri will be fully qualified eg "http://example.com/".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain is a DomainAndUri object ie a standard Domain plus the fully qualified uri. For example, the Domain may contain "example.com" whereas the Uri will be fully qualified eg "https://example.com/".
```

> It contains also the content to render:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It contains the content to render:
```

```csharp
public bool HasTemplate { get; }
public string TemplateAlias { get; }
public bool TrySetTemplate(string alias);
public void SetTemplate(ITemplate template);
```

> You can subscribe to the event to know when the `PublishedRequest` is ready to be processed.  It's up to you to change anything (content, template, ...):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can subscribe to the 'Prepared' event which is triggered just after the point when the`PublishedRequest` is prepared - (but before it is ready to be processed).  Here modify anything in the request before it is processed!  eg. content, template, etc:
```
